I laughed
You are a loser
O man
* Swedish words *
To laugh you will lose
Do not laugh at this video because you will lose
If you lose, you have laughed
And if you laugh, you lose
And let me know in the last section that you laughed or lost
Now let's start ... this time we will not comment on ...
*licking*
Any strong jokes * racist or severe * because YouTube is like
Started giving a STRIKE * delete clip * more,
Tag .. yellow mark everywhere * its meaning video will not earn profits *
I am starting to get a little damaged so we will keep things beautiful and have the video suitable for families please
So we'll show you the most 25 videos on the Twitch watch
This will be good. Come on, guys
TATATATATA
(Girl): I knew someone, I went out with him once, to do things ...
And I did him **** by hand, and barely caught **** and did it completely on my stomach
Well, my name has already spoken to me and let's not hide this thing. Because it makes it worse, okay? Let's be frank here
(Felix): Good! * Applause * Wonderful, convenient view for the family! Thanks.
(Felix mimics the girl): I was once with a boy grabbed my stomach
Then he did it entirely to me
why are you talking like that?
(Girl): I knew someone, I went out with him once, to do things ...
(Felix): "A story has a relationship, a story, uh ...
Always laugh when you're like 'hell!' That never happened to me "
(The girl) .. On the way down (in the game of lol), which (Marx Man)
(The man): Ahaa
(Girl) If you will play we can go the same way with some, it will be very cute, then
(Man) I ,,, K ,, I do not know if I will, ,, I mean will be good
But I think, because in the character I know, it is somewhat quiet I would like to be
Milfette's character, because he is quite skinny and
(Girl) You do not want to be with me in the bot? (In the game lol)
(Man): No, because you can be at the bottom and I will be on top
*shock*
اااااااااااه ..أجل .. Okay ....
(Felix): * A wicked laugh * Are you kidding me now?
Have you just said?
Can you be at the bottom and I'm at the top ,? In Moba (games like lol) This joke has not been said by anyone!
And I can not believe how much this bugging, this madness
Oh My God....
Sometimes social interaction, be like "wow" what happened here?
(Man) Regardless of video games, what hobbies do you have?
(Felix): He is trying to change the subject now.
It's not easy I've already tried to help you what you mean! It 's not that dangerous. I' m wrong. I did not consider this inappropriate. This joke. Let 's go next
Adolescents Adolescent Adolescence
Oh there is a little boy coming to me
Welcome...
(Child): Hello .. There is a clown at the park.
(Policeman): What? "(Child): Anonymous clown
(Felix): Clown?
- Clown? * The cop represents that he is surprised *
(Child): Do you have a weapon?
- Yeah
Can you call this clown with your weapon? * Felix Bimot of laughter *
I'll go and check it out okay
* Policeman laughing *
Is the police officer doing a live broadcast of this hell look like a bad idea
Did he shoot the moment of his release on the clown or not? I want to know
* Someone stole the camera *
Oooo
* The voice of the steps ran the harami *
Damn
I mean, this was supposed to happen later
Did he get his subscribers? If someone had actually stolen my computer, it would have gotten my channel, too. It 's coming with it. It' s like an extra package
Peron ask the women behind you if they want to eat their back
- They want you to ask the misery behind you if they want to eat their asses = Hello ?? They are British ??? !!
- Stop = Do they understand ??? - They understand, oh God
- Your voice was high for me = Are you leaving?
- I have not finished ! = They speak English fluently they are British
I did not know .. Do not go!
She's leaving!
They seem to have planned for this
- Too shameful my friend = very painful
Oh, oh, ah, come on. They 've planned it all. I' m glad the girl 's gone. They' ll have a good time with older women.
There must be a game when anyone opens the lid slowly here and puts it directly in front of the eyes you know like Russians
- Oh oh ahi = What I expected to happen !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank God he was wearing eyeglasses, he yelled
On the Twitch we will see it now
Thank God, man, this was already possible ..
See them they just laugh at him I'd be terrified
Well, throw me the basement and close the lights and play Nickle Buck music nonstop for hours and I want to die here
(Ie Daps) - What did you just say about Nick Buck? What is this that you said about Nickel Buck (girl) Oh oh, you make my Achshabi tremble
What kind of fan drawing is that? In the back, O God
Stop playing basketball Nick
- After knife Tim donated ten dollars Oh God we love Tim and appreciate this = I do this better than you, shouted!
- Ooh, I understand, I thought you said it was named Forever! Not $ 4 = just stopped
- He made a mistake he wrote the letter .. I'm sorry he thought that number 4 instead of .... Come on, Zach Oooh, I'm sorry Zach I'm sorry
Ooh Ya Alahi = We have a donation of one dollar from Janato
- Oh, oh, this is what I did. You also saw that I was the only one .. They tricked me all ..
Oooh this very good was very salty
- Just stop, man = He wrote the letters .. I'm sorry he wrote the number 4 instead of ... Come on, Zach, well I'm sorry Zach I'm sorry
- Have you seen the last message we have donated $ 1 from Janatowo = Oh God
Come see for the last message arrived .. Donate from Jennatols
what the hell
Go please
- I was here first? = Here is not for this thing (you mean photography)
Well, hear me, I was here first. Well, let me finish my exercise first. You can not ask me to leave
You are using your fault and exercises
Hell, is this a Russian mother?
This is not what you talk about. I was here first. Let me finish my exercise. Then you can come. I do not understand
= You sit and speak this is useless
This is not an exercise ....
I mean she was really skinny so I understand her meaning
I do not even drink a full bottle, but I feel stupid and drunk
There are men standing there
Oh, oh God, what will happen?
OوووووووووووووووووووووووووووووووووووH
* A laugh of a failure *
You have not seen this true?
I feel pain
Oooh, this will hurt you, O man, Ooh, Oooh, O God!
* Felix is ​​provocative and hears strange sounds *
Oh my god, I have seen these too
Are they from Korea?
Or Japan?
* The drunkard *
what's he doing !
Are you fine?
Why take a lot of time to show the reaction!
It 's like ... that his face is flabbergasted when he sees what' s happening
It was .. Is I pretend that this is my girlfriend or not?
Yeah ?
-Hai Zhou .. We have a donation to be preferred.
(Shaw): Who are you?
* هههههه *
who is he ? To? Indomie (Maalish Joan)
It seems very different when you reap money from the street instead of paying you people
online. It is really a difference, because you do not take money in the street because you are like a beggar
You have donated me!
It has disappeared!
Well this was the episode this week of "Swede" You're laughing you're losing
Honorable Family Edition
Do you know how to know that it is a respectable family? Because this video is dreaded by advertisements
If there are no ads to sample on this video you will become very angry
Put Lake to laugh if you lose or tell me in the comets if I laugh or lose ..
And remember to have a happy day ..
* Christian Music by Piano *
And do not forget the sbskraib